Agenda for 12th August meeting

Note: In view of the upcoming draft submission deadline on Friday 13th, the team unanimously decided to
move the usual Friday meeting to Thursday, 1 day before the normal schedule. 

1. Introduction -  This section covers where we stand at the moment in terms of the updated planning, 
as well as what the main focus of the week has been. The original planning has been abandoned as of 
2nd of August. The entire scope of current planning can be found at the bottom of this agenda.

2. Project members input:
    2.1 Alex  ] Team B*
    2.2 Luke  ] Team B*
    2.3 Gab   ] Team A*
    2.4 Matt  ] Team A*

* As per the planning, tasks have been equally split into two teams consisting of two members each:
team A and team B respectively.

3. Draft submission - This section exists for this meeting only. Here we aim to cover all preparatory
stages with regards to submitting the project draft, such as, but not only: Work ordering, annotations,
technical write-up, visualisations, links and references, keypoints, spell checks and writing coherence.
The matters will be addressed in the following order:

	3.1 The entire panel ->   [Mutual contributions such as write-up: current state, coherence, visualisations, grammar etc.]

	3.2 Alex  ->
	3.3 Gab   ->	Work order, coherence, spell-check, annotations, links and references,	
	3.4 Luke  ->	correlation to other's works, emphasis and overall structure. * 
	3.5 Matt  ->

* Note: All points are meant to be taken as suggestions. They're indicative of what ought to be discussed,
though some other unmentioned points may arise as well as some of the mentioned points may be discarded.

4. Next week's overview - In this section we discuss what the main plan
for next week is, based on where we stand now. Here we aim to establish, 
to some degree of precision, the steps we'll be taking in the upcoming week 
both as a group, as teams, and in terms of individual contribution.

5. Actions - This section covers any proposed actions/directions to take 
apart from the immediate project plan. This may include, but isn't limited to:
roles assignment, change of roles, change of tasks, personal engagements for the week, 
changes in platforms (eg if members need to use a 3rd party program) etc. *

6. Other issues - This section covers anything else that needs saying.

7. Concluding statements and thanks.




Note: Weeks with dual tasks are to be interpreted as Team A's tasks on the left side, and
Team B's tasks on the right side. When teams are working on separate issues, it is denoted by
Team A | Team B. When working together, it is denoted as either Team A & Team B or no explicit dual tasks formula.

Week 1: 2nd August - 6th August : Implementing AD | Research the KC
Week 2: 9th August - 13th August: Finishing AD | Finding KC algorithm 
Week 3: 16th August - 20th August: Finding KC algorithm & Implementing KC algorithm
Week 4: 23rd August - 27th August: Finishing Week 3 work
Week 5: 30th August - 3rd September: Organize all remaining work 